feat: Add support for `hana` (#463)
succinctlabs/op-succinct: book/validity/experimental/celestia.md

# Celestia Data Availability

> This section only describes the additional requirements to use Celestia DA. Most of the requirements are the same as the `op-succinct` service. Please refer to the [Proposer](../proposer.md) section for the basic setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the requirements to use OP Succinct for a chain with Celestia DA. The requirements are additive to the ones required for the `op-succinct` service. Please refer to the [Proposer](../proposer.md) section for the base configuration.
```

## Environment Setup

To use Celestia DA, you need additional environment variables in the `.env` file:

| Parameter | Description |
|-----------|-------------|

> | `CELESTIA_CONNECTION` | URL of the Celestia RPC endpoint. |

Reviewer: Specify what type of Celestia node it should be (IIRC it's the node RPC)

Reviewer: And add a link to the Celestia docs

> | `NAMESPACE` | Namespace ID for the Celestia DA. |

Reviewer: Can you use the definition of a namespace from the Celestia docs and link to it?
